Project Overview

	A. Create a proposal for a data analytics project by doing the following:

		1. Describe a research question or organizational need that your project will solve.

		2. Describe the context and background for your project.

		3. Summarize three published works that relate to the research question or organizational need in part A1.
	 
			Note: These published works should serve as background information to support your proposed project and may include interviews, white papers, research studies, or other types of work by industry professionals.
	 
			a. Describe how each published work informs the development of the project.

		4. Describe the deliverables (e.g., reports, visuals, apps, or models) for the data analytics solution you will implement to address the research question or organizational need described in part A1.

		5. Explain how the data analytics solution will benefit the organization and support a decision-making process.

Data Analytics Project Plan

	B. Describe your data analytics project plan by doing the following:

		1. Describe the goals, objectives, and deliverables for the project.

		2. Describe the scope of the project.

		3. Explain how you will use a project planning methodology (e.g., ADDIE, SDLC, Agile, CRISP-DM, or SEMMA) to organize and implement your project.

		4. Provide a timeline with milestones for your project, including the duration and start and end dates for each milestone.

		5. Provide a list of resources and any associated costs needed to implement the project (e.g., hardware, software, work hours, third-party services).

		6. Describe the measurable criteria you will use to evaluate the success of project execution.

Design of Data Analytics Solution

	C. Describe the data analytics solution you will use to address the research question or organizational need identified in part A by doing the following:

		1. Identify the hypothesis of the project.

		2. Identify the analytical methods (i.e., descriptive, diagnostic, predictive, or prescriptive) you will implement in your data analytics solution.

			a. Justify why the analytical methods identified in part C2 are appropriate for your project.

		3. Describe the tools and environments that you will use to produce the data analytics solution, including any applicable third-party code.

		4. Describe the methods and metrics you will use to evaluate the output of your data analytics solution or model.

			a. Justify why the chosen methods and metrics are appropriate for evaluating the output of your data analytics solution or model.

		5. Describe how you will assess the practical significance of the data analytics solution, including specific criteria to determine whether it has provided the expected benefits and supported a decision-making process.

		6. Describe the tools and graphical representations you will use to visually communicate the findings of your data analytics solution.
 
Description of Dataset(s)

	D. Write a description of the data by doing the following:

		1. Identify the source(s) of the data.

		2. Discuss why this dataset is appropriate for the stated goals of your project.

		3. Describe the data collection methods you used.

		4. Summarize your observations on the quality and completeness of the data.

		5. Discuss data governance; data privacy and security; and ethical, legal, and regulatory compliance considerations that relate to the dataset and the proposed project.

			a. Describe the precautions you will need to take when working with and communicating about the data for each of the considerations in part D5.
		 
		E. Acknowledge sources, using in-text citations and references, for content that is quoted, paraphrased, or summarized.
		 
		F. Demonstrate professional communication in the content and presentation of your submission.